Oh often laughs go price tag I'm laughs
go here to bring the unboxing of the HTC
one x 4g on the ATT network let's go
ahead and take a look at the box here
pretty standard looking android box i'll
show you that side all right printed
with soy eek ooh hipster s right so
first you get a little manual quick
start guide that's going to show you how
well everything to do with your phone
how to pop the sim card out how to
charge it real basic stuff cool so
totally give you quick start guide and
here's the unit itself so it's really
nice looking the bar form factor really
slick so
really like in the way this droid looks
and I have to say I've held out on
buying a droid and this was supposed to
be a quad-core because the International
versions of quad core but the United
States versions a dual-core 1.5 so it
should still be really really fast and
snappy and all that good stuff hey
camera how you doing looking good
looking good other things that come in
the box are the SIM card removal tool
geez huh and you use that to take out
the sim card kind of cool they give you
one I gotta cut up is she see in the
sire yeah just to make sure you know you
have HTC and I pretty start a standard
looking charger so held out as long as I
can guys and then there's some other
paperwork in here that's personally
received and stuff straight um so yeah
that pretty much wraps up the unboxing
for the HTC One X um if you're looking
to buy this phone too bad because
they're being held up in customs right
now but maybe by the time we get the
review out there to be available again
because they're only 10 came to my ATT
store and I reserved this one like half
a month ago so um don't forget to check
the review coming up soon as well as the
cosmos 2 we will get up shortly and hit
subscribe we'll catch you later guys